# Integration Exchange Platform with Financial System

For the Exchange Platform to be fully operational, it must be connected to the real financial system
and bank accounts.

## Manual Integration

In the manual integration process, financial data is entered manually. When cash is deposited at the
Exchange Platform cash receipt point, the Administrator must record the transaction in the Exchange
Platform. This includes the amount and relevant transaction details. After that, the platform client
can log in to their account and create an exchange order ticket to process the exchange.

## Semi-Automatic Integration

The semi-automatic method simplifies data entry by allowing the system to import bank statements
directly. The currency exchange platform can download client deposits from the Exchange System bank
accounts where client send its currency. In this case, a module should be prepared in the system to
import bank deposits based on the list of operations provided by the bank. Additionally, the system
should also generate a list of withdrawals that could be imported into bank accounts and ordered.
This method reduces manual entry time while still requiring some oversight.

## Fully Automatic Integration

The fully automatic integration offers the highest level of efficiency. In this scenario, the
Exchange Platform is connected directly to the bank account through secure APIs. As transactions
occur, the application automatically registers deposits in the currency exchange system as they
appear in the bank account. This real-time monitoring significantly enhances operational efficiency
and accuracy. Automated alerts can be configured to notify employees of any discrepancies, further
ensuring accuracy.

# Commercial Launch of the Exchange Platform

When launching a commercial Exchange Platform in a given location, it's important to ensure
compliance with legal requirements. The system should then be expanded with monitoring and security
mechanisms recommended by the financial regulator operating in the given country. It may then be
necessary to add KYC (Know Your Customer) and AML ( Anti-Money Laundering) mechanisms, which require
verification of individuals participating in currency exchange on the platform. This process not
only allows for customer identification but also enables the assessment of risks associated with
financial activity and prevent illegal financial activities that pose threats and challenges.
Connection to the system of a bank or group of banks may require also meeting strict requirements
set by banks for this type of connection (encryption, certification process, or other). 






